After some delays due to technical reasons we started at around 10:00, although we were 
scheduled to begin at 09:00. The first problem we solve was the 

Powers [WHITE]

problem. We solved
it very quickly after Harry realised using logarithms was a very quick and short solution.
The next problem Harry solved quite quickly as well - the 

Bookshelf [BLUE] 

problem. The solution 
used dynamic programming.
After the first two, the remaining problems took a bit more time to come up with solutions.
I might have the order in which we solved the next two problems the wrong way around (the
results page has been removed), but as far as I can remember the third problem we solved 
was the 

Rendering Fractal Images [GREEN]

problem, which Shen did with a little help from me. 
Although it was easy to understand and the solution was the least complex, it involved a 
lot of code and therefore it took quite some time to complete. You could call it a 
"mechanical" problem. There was no special algorithm involved - you just needed to follow a
set of rules to produce the fractals.
The fourth and final problem we got a correct solution for was the 

Supercluster [RED]

problem. 
It turned out to be a reasonably straight-forward problem. The reason we took a while to 
come up with a solution was that the way the problem was described made it a little bit on 
the difficult side to understand exactly what they were looking for. However, once we 
realised what the problem was asking for, Shen and I quickly came up with a solution using 
the Floyd-Warshall algorithm.
After solving the four problems mentioned above Harry and I worked on the 

Wisdom [PURPLE]

problem.
This was the most difficult problem of them all - it was a nasty computational geometry 
problem. Unfortunately we did not put a set of notes together to bring in with us 
(you are allowed to bring in any printed material including books), because a lot of the
algorithms required were standard algorithms and it would have been much easier if we had 
reference material. Since we did not have notes we had to work a little harder on the 
problem. After a lot of hacking to get it to work and with only a few minutes remaining 
we got the correct answer for the sample input. We submitted our solution, but with less 
than two minutes left we got a response from the judges saying that our solution produced 
a compiler error! It worked on our computer, so we have no idea why it produced a compiler
error, so I guess we'll never know whether or not we actually had a correct solution.

The final problem was the 

Cable Guy [YELLOW]

problem. It was a very mathematical problem involving
integration. Shen and I worked on it for some time in between solving the other problems,
but we made a crucial, fundamental error in our calculations which we didn't realise until 
after the contest. Since we didn't do the calculations correctly, we couldn't solve the 
problem. However, had we done the calculations correctly, we had a good idea on how to 
tackle the problem. 